site/cypress/e2e/README.md, before:

# Cypress has been split up into five groups that run separately.

cypress-system is where all the tests that require system changes to occur before the tests can be run, that being the autograding tests, different login tests, etc.
This is also where the accessibility test has been placed, to free space for other tests in the Admin folder.

Cypress-Admin is all the tests that are 'top level' system tests that don't require changes to the system, or instructor level tests.

Cypress-Feature is all the tests that focus on features of Submitty, that arent directly related to creating, editing, submitting to, or grading gradeables. 

Cypress-Gradeable is all the tests that ARE directly related to creating, editing, submitting to, or grading gradeables. 

Cypress-UI is all the tests that primarily focus on ensuring the correct UI is displayed to users.


The spec files in these folders can be moved around at a later date if necessary. If the names of the folders need to change, you have to edit the name of the containers matrix in the submitty_ci.yml Github Actions file in the .github/workflows folder. 

If you wish to rename Cypress-UI to Cypres-UserInterface, for example, in the submitty_ci.yml, replace "UI" with "UserInterface", and this will update the CI to find the new folders.

Commit message:

[Testing:Submission] E2E Cypress tests of Development Courses (#11700)
### What is the current behavior?
<!-- List issue if it fixes/closes/implements one using the "Fixes
#<number>" or "Closes #<number>" syntax -->
Currently, we created a new Testing course to test our autograding
capabilities. However, no one has wrote tests about autograding yet.
Instead, We are trying to move all of our autograding tests into the
development course, where we can test each docker container /
autograding.

Part of #11641

### What is the new behavior?
E2e setup composite now takes in the arguments of the courses you want
to create. There is also a new test in the matrix that specfically tests
autograding, using the development course
NOTE: setup for development course is two minutes slow (22 vs 20) than
sample, archived, and testing combined.

### Other information?
<!-- Is this a breaking change? -->
<!-- How did you test -->

site/cypress/e2e/README.md, after:

# Cypress has been split up into six groups that run separately.

cypress-system is where all the tests that require system changes to occur before the tests can be run, that being the autograding tests, different login tests, etc.
This is also where the accessibility test has been placed, to free space for other tests in the Admin folder.

Cypress-Admin is all the tests that are 'top level' system tests that don't require changes to the system, or instructor level tests.

Cypress-Feature is all the tests that focus on features of Submitty, that arent directly related to creating, editing, submitting to, or grading gradeables. 

Cypress-Gradeable is all the tests that ARE directly related to creating, editing, submitting to, or grading gradeables. 

Cypress-UI is all the tests that primarily focus on ensuring the correct UI is displayed to users.

Cypress-Autograding is all the tests that has to do with autograding and the development courses.


The spec files in these folders can be moved around at a later date if necessary. If the names of the folders need to change, you have to edit the name of the containers matrix in the ci.yml Github Actions file in the .github/workflows folder. 

If you wish to rename Cypress-UI to Cypres-UserInterface, for example, in the ci.yml, replace "UI" with "UserInterface", and this will update the CI to find the new folders.
